Update ingest-data-iot-hub.md (#822)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/ingest-data-iot-hub.md

* An Azure subscription. Create a [free Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/).
* Create [a cluster and database](create-cluster-database-portal.md).
* [A sample app](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-iot-samples-csharp) and documentation for simulating a device.

> * [.NET Core SDK](https://aka.ms/dotnet-download) to run the sample app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [.NET SDK] (https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download) to compile and run the sample app.
```
